
Facebook Profile API
API uptime
97.333%
/search?engine=facebook_profile API endpoint allows you to scrape the results from Facebook Profile search engine via our SerpApi service. Head to the playground for a live and interactive demo.

API Parameters
Search Query
profile_id

Required

Parameter defines the Facebook profile ID. You can find it in the URL of the profile page. For example, in https://www.facebook.com/Meta, the profile ID is Meta; in https://facebook.com/profile.php?id=100080376596424, the profile ID is 100080376596424.

Serpapi Parameters
engine

Required

Set parameter to facebook_profile to use the Facebook Profile API engine.

no_cache

Optional

Parameter will force SerpApi to fetch the Facebook Profile results even if a cached version is already present. A cache is served only if the query and all parameters are exactly the same. Cache expires after 1h. Cached searches are free, and are not counted towards your searches per month. It can be set to false (default) to allow results from the cache, or true to disallow results from the cache. no_cache and async parameters should not be used together.

async

Optional

Parameter defines the way you want to submit your search to SerpApi. It can be set to false (default) to open an HTTP connection and keep it open until you got your search results, or true to just submit your search to SerpApi and retrieve them later. In this case, you'll need to use our Searches Archive API to retrieve your results. async and no_cache parameters should not be used together. async should not be used on accounts with Ludicrous Speed enabled.

zero_trace

Optional

Enterprise only. Parameter enables ZeroTrace mode. It can be set to false (default) or true. Enable this mode to skip storing search parameters, search files, and search metadata on our servers. This may make debugging more difficult.

api_key

Required

Parameter defines the SerpApi private key to use.

output

Optional

Parameter defines the final output you want. It can be set to json (default) to get a structured JSON of the results, or html to get the raw html retrieved.

json_restrictor

Optional

Parameter defines the fields you want to restrict in the outputs for smaller, faster responses. See JSON Restrictor for more details.